docs: update blog post section for environment manifest fix (#4138)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/blogs/release-v123.en.md

```yaml
name: test
type: Environment

http:
  public:
    security_groups:
      ingress:         # [Flaw 1]
        restrict_to:   # [Flaw 2]
          cdn: true
  private:
    security_groups:
      ingress:         # [Flaw 1]
        from_vpc: true # [Flaw 2]
```
There are two flaws in this hierarchy design:

1. **Putting `ingress` under `security_groups` is ambiguous.** Each security group has its own ingress - it is unclear what
   the "ingress" of several security groups means. *(Here, it was meant to configure the ingress of
   the default security group that Copilot applies to an Application Load Balancer.)*

2. **`restrict_to` is redundant.** It should be clearly implied that the `ingress` under `http.public` is restrictive,
   and the `ingress` under `http.private` is permissive. The `"from"` in `from_vpc` also suffers from the same redundancy issue.

To illustrate - fixing them would give us an environment manifest that looks like:
```yaml
name: test
type: Environment

http:
  public:
    ingress:
      cdn: true
  private:
    ingress:
      vpc: true
```

### What do I need to do?

> The short answer: nothing, for now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The short answer: nothing for now.
```

#### (Recommended) Adapt your manifest to the corrected hierarachy

> While your existing manifest will keep working (we will get to this later) -
> it is recommended that you update your manifest to the corrected hierarchy. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While your existing manifest will keep working (we will get to this later), it is recommended that you update your manifest to the corrected hierarchy. 
```

Below are snippets detailing how to update each of the fields impacted:

> ???+ note "Adapt your environment manifest to corrected hierarchy"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
???+ note "Adapt your environment manifest to the corrected hierarchy"
```

    === "CDN for public ALB"

        ```yaml
        # If you have
        http:
          public:
            security_groups:
              ingress:      
                restrict_to: 
                  cdn: true
        
        # Then change it to
        http:
          public:
            ingress:
              cdn: true
        ```

    === "VPC ingress for private ALB"
        ```yaml
        # If you have
        http:
          private:
            security_groups:
              ingress:      
                from_vpc: true
        
        # Then change it to
        http:
          private:
            ingress:
              vpc: true
        ```

#### Your existing environment manifest will keep working
It's okay if you don't adapt your environment manifest to the corrected hierarchy immediately. It will keep working - unless you modify your manifest so that it contains both `http.public.security_groups.ingress` (the flawed version) 
and `http.public.ingress` (the corrected version).

> For example, say before the release of v1.23.0, your manifest looks like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, say before the release of v1.23.0, your manifest looked like:
```

## Move misplaced `http` fields in environment manifest (backward-compatible!)

In [Copilot v1.23.0](https://github.com/aws/copilot-cli/releases/tag/v1.23.0), we are fixing the hierarchy

> under the `http` field in environment manifests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
under the `http` field in environment manifest.
```

Reviewer: I think plural is fine, but if singular we need a "the" before "environment"

Author: yuppp I am going to add "the" 

Edit: added "the"!

### What is getting fixed, and why?

> Back in [Copilot v1.20.0](https://aws.github.io/copilot-cli/blogs/release-v120/), we released environment manifest,

Reviewer: same here-- "the environment manifest" or "environment manifests"

Author: Added "the" for both here and there!

bringing all the benefits of infrastructure as code to environments. At the time, its `http` field hierarchy looked like:
```yaml
name: test
type: Environment

http:
  public:
    security_groups:
      ingress:         # [Flaw 1]
        restrict_to:   # [Flaw 2]
          cdn: true
  private:
    security_groups:
      ingress:         # [Flaw 1]
        from_vpc: true # [Flaw 2]
```
There are two flaws in this hierarchy design:

> 1. **Putting `ingress` under `security_groups` is ambiguous.** Each security group has their own ingress - it is vague what
>    the "ingress" of several security groups mean. *(Here, it was meant to configure the ingress of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Putting `ingress` under `security_groups` is ambiguous.** Each security group has its own ingress - it is unclear what
   the "ingress" of several security groups means. *(Here, it was meant to configure the ingress of
```

   the default security group that Copilot applies to an Application Load Balancer.)*

2. **`restrict_to` is redundant.** It should be clearly implied that the `ingress` under `http.public` is restrictive,

>    and the `ingress` under `http.private` is relaxing. The `"from"` in `from_vpc` also suffers the same redundancy issue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   and the `ingress` under `http.private` is relaxing. The `"from"` in `from_vpc` also suffers from the same redundancy issue.
```

>    and the `ingress` under `http.private` is relaxing. The `"from"` in `from_vpc` also suffers the same redundancy issue.

Reviewer: maybe?
```suggestion
   and the `ingress` under `http.private` is permissive. The `"from"` in `from_vpc` also suffers the same redundancy issue.
```

To illustrate - fixing them would give us an environment manifest that looks like:
```yaml
name: test
type: Environment

http:
  public:
    ingress:
      cdn: true
  private:
    ingress:
      vpc: true
```

### What do I need to do?

> The short answer is: nothing necessary, yet.

Reviewer: maybe?
```suggestion
The short answer: nothing, for now.
```

#### (Recommended) Adapt your manifest to the corrected hierarachy
While your existing manifest will keep working (we will get to this later) -

> it is recommended to update your manifest to adapt to the corrected hierarchy. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it is recommended that you update your manifest to the corrected hierarchy. 
```

Below are snippets detailing how to update each of the fields impacted:

???+ note "Adapt your environment manifest to corrected hierarchy"

    === "CDN for public ALB"

        ```yaml
        # If you have
        http:
          public:
            security_groups:
              ingress:      
                restrict_to: 
                  cdn: true
        
        # Then change it to
        http:
          public:
            ingress:
              cdn: true
        ```

    === "VPC ingress for private ALB"
        ```yaml
        # If you have
        http:
          private:
            security_groups:
              ingress:      
                from_vpc: true
        
        # Then change it to
        http:
          private:
            ingress:
              vpc: true
        ```

#### Your existing environment manifest will keep working

> It's okay if you don't adapt your enivonment manifest to the corrected hierarchy immediately. It will keep working - until at
> some point you modify your manifest so that it contains both `http.public.security_groups.ingress` (the flawed version) 
> and `http.public.ingress` (the corrected version).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's okay if you don't adapt your environment manifest to the corrected hierarchy immediately. It will keep working - unless you modify your manifest so that it contains both `http.public.security_groups.ingress` (the flawed version) 
and `http.public.ingress` (the corrected version).
```

For example, say before the release of v1.23.0, your manifest looks like:
```yaml
# Flawed hierarchy but will keep working.
http:
  public:
    security_groups:
      ingress:      
        restrict_to: 
          cdn: true
```
The same manifest will keep working after v1.23.0.

> However, say at some point, you modify the manifest to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if at some point you modify the manifest to:
```
